We have something that's like a super basic form that most people when they are first
using Shiny, they would end up creating and this is very basic and it kind of works, but
we can make it a lot more better, a lot more cooler.
If I take a look at an accordion like this, let me run it over here, simple accordion
form would look something like this, when you can actually fill up a name, the email,
the phone number, you can hit submit or you can collapse it, separate it in different
chunks.
So in Dynamic Accordion, what we do is the same way you would do an accordion, but we
end up actually maximize the usage of our accordion panel.
So we can actually have icons, which says like, hey, which are the accordion panels
that need attention from the user.
In this case, I have an exclamation mark with like red, which says like, hey, these sections
are supposed to be filled up.
On hitting the submit button for like the person section, what I end up doing is I update
the accordion panel, which the new title and the title is the information they ended
up filling up.
Also update the icon, which is a green check mark.
If you want to learn more about how to update the accordion panel, feel free to read the
documentation for either the express mode or the core mode by going to the function
reference documentation and find out different things you can do to update your accordion
panel when the user has finished filling up that section.